hey guys welcome to Lila TV and as you
can see we are in Beijing for the launch
of the new Oppo find 7 so one of the
cool things about the 57 is this the
world's smallest 2k display it's 5.5
inches and it has a resolution of 2560 x
1440 purchased insane on on the phone
it's crazy so if you can see the phone
is actually pretty small it's pretty
thin and the build quality is great this
is the black version black when it comes
with a bit of a carbon fiber rich finish
it is a lovely finish actually it's
quite a mari Mari inducing a pattern but
it's really really nice I can assure you
the display is bright as anything it is
wonderfully so as you can see the fine 7
is powered by the Android version 4.3
the quad core 2.5 2.5 gigahertz
quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800
processor the 2.7 ag1i Ram it's actually
three with 30-23 gig it's actually 32
gigs one of the other features or define
7 is if you check it out this is the
camera the camera is what everyone wants
to see so let's put it out resolution 13
megapixels 10 32 the usual but it should
come with raw processing that's pretty
cool so let's walk you through this in a
second the super zoom the scan paste in
super zoom is what allows you to to
shoot that not very sure yet but let's
just walk you through the
it's pretty good actually it's not too
bad oh no let's not close that let's
walk you through some of the features on
this the scan case poster select yeah
and you can actually shoot gift so
that's pretty cool so the fine 7 it if
you I thought that you can see it but
you know what the screen is amazing
absolutely fantastic and they've gotten
rid of the thing from the end to the N 1
but you know what power to them because
it looks like a fantastic device I'm
really excited to see this in Malaysia
so summing up there are two versions of
the Oppo find 7 57 57 a the fine 7 is
the one with that the 2k display but a
fine 7a is the one which is going to be
coming out in Malaysia it has a full HD
screen and it's a little bit lower price
they put the price about 3,000 you n22
998 somewhere around that you do the
conversion will do the conversion later
it it will be coming out in April that's
what I was told by the PR people so it's
April first week or two of April you'll
be able to find it and you know what we
will have coverage on the Malaysian
launch itself so until then thanks for
watching guys see you later